docs: update readme (#906)
envoyproxy/ai-gateway: README.md

# Envoy AI Gateway
Envoy AI Gateway is an open source project for using [Envoy Gateway](https://github.com/envoyproxy/gateway) to handle request traffic from application clients to Generative AI services.

> ## Architecture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Usage
```

> Envoy AI Gateway follows a two-tier gateway design, with a centralized API traffic entry point and a self-hosted model serving cluster. The centralized gateway handles authentication, top-level routing, and global rate limiting, while the self-hosted model serving cluster provides fine-grained control over internal model access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Envoy AI Gateway, we refer to a two-tier gateway pattern. **The Tier One Gateway** functions as a centralized entry point, and the **Tier Two Gateway** handles ingress traffic to a self-hosted model serving cluster. The **The Tier One Gateway** handles authentication, top-level routing, and global rate limiting, while the **Tier Two Gateway** provides fine-grained control over internal model access.
```
